when Balaam said to Balak build seven
altars for me here and prepare for me
here seven bulls and seven Rams and they
lacked did justice Balaam had spoken and
Balak and Balaam offered a bull and a
ram on each altars when Balaam said to
Balak stand by your burnt offering and I
will go perhaps the Lord will come to me
and whatever he shows me I will tell you
so he went to a desolate height and God
met Balaam and he said to him I have
prepared the seven altars and I have
offered an each altar a bull and I ran
then the Lord put a word in Balaam's
mouth returned to Balak and thus usual
speak so he returned to him and there he
was standing by his burnt offering he
and all the princes of Moab and he took
up his Oracle and said Balak the king of
Moab has brought me from Aaron from the
mountains of the east come curse jacob
for me and come denounce israel how
shall i curse whom God has not cursed
and how shall I denounce whom the Lord
has not denounced for from the top of
the rocks I see him and from the hills
I'd be holding there a people dwelling
alone not reckoning itself among the
nations who can count the dust of Jacob
or number one-fourth of Israel let me
die the death of the righteous and let
my end be like his then Balak said to
Balaam what have you done to me
I took you to curse my enemies and look
you have blessed them bountifully must I
not take heed to speak what the Lord has
put in my mouth please come with me to
another place from which you may see
them you shall see only the outer part
of them and shall not see them
curse them for me from there so he
brought him to the field of Zofia to the
top of Pisgah and built seven altars and
offered a bull and a ram on each altar
and he said to Balak stand here by your
burnt offering while I meet the Lord
over there when the Lord met Balaam and
put a word in his mouth go back to Balak
and thus you shall speak so he came to
him and there he was standing by his
burnt offering and the princes of Moab
were with him and Balak said to him what
has the Lord spoken then he took up his
article and said rise up Balak and here
listen to me son of zippor
God is not a man that he should lie nor
a son of man that he should repent as he
said and will he not do
or has he spoken and will he not make it
good behold I have received a command to
bless he has blessed and I cannot
reverse it he has not observed iniquity
in Jacob
nor has he seen wickedness in Israel the
Lord his God is with him and the shout
of a king is among them God brings them
out of Egypt he has strength like a wild
ox but there is no sorcery against Jacob
nor any divination against Israel it now
must be said of Jacob and of Israel Oh
what God has done look a people rises
like a lioness and lifts itself up like
a lion it shall not lie down until it
devours the prey and drinks the blood of
the slain when Balak said to Balaam
neither curse them at all nor bless them
at all so Balaam answered and said to
Balak did I not tell you saying all that
the Lord speaks that I must do please
come I will take you to another place
perhaps it will please God that you may
curse them for me from there
so Balak took Balaam to the top of peor
that overlooks the wasteland then Balaam
said to Balak build for me here seven
altars and prepare for me here seven
bulls and seven Rams and Bale acted as
Balaam had said and offered a bull and a
ram on every vault